README.md, before:

# **Fluid-Solutions: Blood Volume Status Monitor**

## **Overview**

This is a desktop application using a custom trained machine learning model to estimate blood volume status based on vital signs and lab tests. The application provides an easy-to-use graphical interface for inputting vital signs, displaying predictions, and visualizing the entered data. This tool can assist healthcare professionals or researchers in monitoring and analyzing blood volume levels.

## **Built With**

- **Containerization:** Docker
- **Programming Languages:** Python, Bash
- **Framework:** PyQT6
- **Operating System:** Unix/Linux (Raspbian)

## **Getting Started**

Follow these steps to setup and run the desktop application on your machine.

### Installation

1. Clone the repository

```sh
git clone https://github.com/lmitchell33/Fluid-Solutions.git && cd Fluid-Solutions
```

2. Install the requirements

```sh
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## **Acknowledgements**

- **Dr. Leda Kloudas**  
  _Ph.D., Bioengineering,_  
  Duquesne University, School of Science and Engineering  
  _Project Mentor_

- **Jake Graham**  
   _Critical Care PA-C_  
   UPMC Presbyterian  
   _Clinical Mentor_

Commit message:

setup vitals manager, updated readme, and set the window title

README.md, after:

# **Fluid-Solutions: Blood Volume Status Monitor**

## **Overview**

This is a desktop application using a custom trained machine learning model to estimate blood volume status based on vital signs and lab tests. The application provides an easy-to-use graphical interface for inputting vital signs, displaying predictions, and visualizing the entered data. This tool can assist healthcare professionals or researchers in monitoring and analyzing blood volume levels.

## **Built With**

- **Containerization:** Docker
- **Programming Languages:** Python, Bash
- **Framework:** PyQT6
- **Operating System:** Unix/Linux (Raspbian & Ubuntu)

## **Getting Started**

Follow these steps to setup and run the desktop application on your machine.

### Installation

1. Clone the repository

```sh
git clone https://github.com/lmitchell33/Fluid-Solutions.git && cd Fluid-Solutions
```

2. Run the setup script

```sh
chmod +x setup.sh && source setup.sh
```

3. Start the app (note, you must be in the app directory)

```sh
python3 app.py
```

## **Acknowledgements**

- **Dr. Leda Kloudas**  
  _Ph.D., Bioengineering,_  
  Duquesne University, School of Science and Engineering  
  _Project Mentor_

- **Jake Graham**  
   _Critical Care PA-C_  
   UPMC Presbyterian  
   _Clinical Mentor_
